Topic/1112 (#1113)
jazzband/django-oauth-toolkit: docs/tutorial/tutorial_03.rst

::

    curl -H "Authorization: Bearer 123456" -X GET http://localhost:8000/secret

Working with Rest_framework generic class based views
-----------------------------------------------------

If you have completed the `Django REST framework tutorial
<https://www.django-rest-framework.org/tutorial/3-class-based-views/#using-generic-class-based-views>`_,
you will be familiar with the 'Snippet' example, in particular the SnippetList and SnippetDetail classes.

> It would be really nice to reuse those views, but also support token handling. Instead of reworking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It would be nice to reuse those views **and** support token handling. Instead of reworking
```

Author: fixed

those classes to be ProtectedResourceView based, the solution is much simpler than that.

> Assuming you have already modified the settings as was already shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume you have already modified the settings as was already shown.
```

It might be better to combine this sentence with the next paragraph.

Author: added

> The key is setting a class variable to override the default *permissions_classes* with something that will use our :term:`Access Token` properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key is setting a class attribute to override the default *permissions_classes* with something that will use our :term:`Access Token` properly.
```

Author: changed

.. code-block:: python

>     from django.contrib.auth.decorators import login_required

Reviewer: Random import?

Also if login is required, then it is necessary not to override the class attribute and instead override the method.

Author: doh - fixed

    class SnippetList(generics.ListCreateAPIView):
        ...

>         permission_classes = [TokenHasReadWriteScope]

Reviewer: I believe this will override other default permission classes. Perhaps you can override the  `get_permission_classes` method

Author: Yes - it overrides the default classes. And maybe there is a better way to do this, but it was the way that worked for me. 
Overriding  get_permission_classes would basically do the same thing with more code - unless you need more complicated logic. Again - open to suggestions.

Author: I added another paragraph that hopefully resolves your concern. There is so many ways to "solve" the issue of a newbie who starts with the Snippets tutorial. I like the "simple/fast" solution presented, but now have references additional information that will guide the reader.
